The Meta Platforms Technologies Products ("MPT Products") that are subject to the Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service and Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Privacy Policy include:

Meta VR Products: The Meta VR Products include virtual, mixed and augmented reality ("XR") hardware and software products that operate under the Meta Quest-branded platform (or formerly the Oculus brand) where users can download, interact with and submit content and obtain services related to, or in connection with, our Meta VR platform (collectively, the "Meta VR Products"). Examples of the Meta VR Products include a variety of devices and accessories (e.g. Meta Quest, Meta Quest 2, Oculus Rift, Oculus Rift-S, Oculus Go, Samsung Gear VR, Touch controllers), platform services and software (including system features such as Guardian, Meta Quest Insight, Dash and Meta Quest Link), Meta Horizon Worlds, Meta Horizon Workrooms, Avatars, Meta Quest for Business, websites, applications (including companion mobile or PC app, Meta Horizon TV, Meta Quest Browser), games, virtual items and personalised experiences and content that allow you to access and immerse yourself in XR worlds and obtain services related to our products.

Meta Horizon Worlds: a virtual experience provided by Meta where users can explore, play games, create and collaborate with other users.

Meta Horizon Workrooms: a virtual work collaboration experience provided by Meta that allows users to collaborate, communicate and connect remotely.

Avatars: a representation of your virtual self provided by Meta, including expressions, diverse characteristics, and any virtual clothing, outfits and accessories that you may use with your avatar.

Meta Quest for Business: a service allowing organisations to manage certain settings and other aspects of their managed Quest devices and Managed Meta Accounts.

Meta View: smart glasses and a companion mobile app to provide an array of services and features that allow you to interact with your environment in new and innovative ways.

MPT Products include the above and any new versions and successors thereof, whether available under the same or different branding.

KEEP YOUR EXPERIENCE UP TO DATE
Get news and updates from Meta
By signing up, you agree to receive updates and marketing messages (e.g. email, social) from Meta about Meta's existing and future products and services.
You may withdraw your consent and unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link included in our messages.
Your subscription is subject to the Terms and Privacy Policy.
Meta
FacebookTwitterInstagramYouTube
Site terms and policies
Community Standards
Privacy Policy
Terms
Cookie policy
Virtual reality
Shop Meta Quest
Refurbished Meta Quest 2
VR for Good
Forums
Referrals
Blog
Creators
Download SDKs
Developers
Made for Meta partner programme
Safety information for parents and pre-teens
Meta Quest health and safety information
Meta Quest safety centre
Meta for Work
Meta avatars
Smart glasses
Shop Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses
Ray-Ban Stories
Privacy information
Supported countries
Support and legal
Shop Help Centre
Order status
Returns
Find a product demo
Legal
Terms of sale
Our actions
Data and privacy
Safety and expression
Responsible business practices
Elections
COVID-19 response
Regulations
About us
About Meta
Media gallery
Brand resources
For investors
Our community
Support SMB
Giving together
Social impact
App support
Facebook Help Centre
Messenger Help Centre
Instagram Help Centre
WhatsApp Help Centre
Workplace Help Centre
Meta Verified
United Kingdom (English)
META QUEST

Meta Quest: *Parents:* Important guidance and safety warnings for children's use here. Meta accounts for ages 10+ on Meta Quest 2 and 3; all other Meta Quest headsets for ages 13+. Certain apps, games and experiences may be suitable for a more mature audience. Meta quest features, functionality and content notice: Features, functionality and content are subject to change or withdrawal at any time, may not be available in all areas or languages or may be restricted; may require enabled software or service activation, and additional terms, conditions and/or charges may apply.

Certain apps and experiences will be available by winter 2023.

META QUEST IMPORTANT SAFETY NOTICE https://www.meta.com/quest/quest-2-facial-interface-recall/.

Financing options. You may be offered financing options for your Meta purchases. Learn more here.

Pay in 3 is a form of credit, so carefully consider whether the purchase is affordable and how you will make the repayments. Be aware of the possible impact of using Pay in 3 and of missing payments, including making other borrowing more difficult or more expensive. Pay in 3 eligibility is subject to status and approval. 18+ UK residents only. See product terms for more details.

*Based on the graphic performance of the Qualcomm Snapdragon XR2 Gen 2 vs XR2 Gen 1 on Meta Quest 2

RAY-BAN | META SMART GLASSES

Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses require a mobile phone with Android (location services enabled) or iOS operating system, wireless Internet access and account registration. Not compatible with all smartphones. Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses are only available in selected countries. Features, functionality and content are subject to change or withdrawal at any time. Please visit https://www.meta.com/smart-glasses/#faq for the most up-to-date information. For ages 13 and up only. This product may interfere with personal medical devices. Requires updates to be installed from time to time, including prior to first use. While using Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses, it is always the user's responsibility to comply with any local laws and regulations, especially those relating to privacy and the use of recording devices. Additional account registration, terms and fees may apply.

‡EXTENDED FESTIVE SEASON RETURNS

Extended festive season return period: Products ordered between 1 November 2023 and 1 January 2024 on meta.com are eligible to be returned by 31 January 2024. Return requests must be completed by end of day on 31 January 2024 (local time) to be eligible. Excludes gift card purchases. Standard return terms otherwise apply, see our Terms of Sale for more information.

©202
