ffective date: 17 October 2023

This Supplemental Privacy Policy supplements the Meta Privacy Policy and applies to your and your child's use of a Meta account to access Meta Platforms Technologies Products.

If you use an Oculus account (not a Meta or Facebook account) to access Meta VR Products, please visit the Oculus Privacy Policy to learn more about how we collect, use and share your information.

If you are a parent or guardian of a child between the ages of 10 and 12 (or 10 and 13 if you are in Spain) and wish to create a Meta account for your child, please review the Parent Privacy Disclosure and help your child to review the Privacy Guide for Children to understand how Meta collects, uses and shares children's information. After you create a Meta account for your child, we will collect, use and disclose your child's information much like any other Meta account. This Supplemental Privacy Policy applies in full to both adults and children. To the extent that there are privacy practices specific to your child's Meta account, those differences are outlined in the Children's Privacy Highlights at the top of each relevant section of this Supplemental Privacy Policy. Note that the Meta Privacy Policy does not apply to the processing of your child's information.

Meta offers a variety of hardware and software products and services related to or in connection with those products as part of Meta Platforms Technologies. The hardware, services, features, apps, technologies and software products described in the Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service, and subject to this policy, include Meta VR Products, Meta View and other Meta Platforms Technologies Products listed here, any of which may be updated from time to time (collectively, "MPT Products").

We encourage you to read our Meta Privacy Policy and this Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Privacy Policy ("Supplemental Privacy Policy") because we want you to understand what information we collect and how we use and share it.

In the Meta Privacy Policy, we describe the information that we process to support Meta Products. This Supplemental Privacy Policy adds to the Meta Privacy Policy by explaining the additional information that we process to support MPT Products and by providing more details about how we process that information. Below, you will find an overview of the ways in which we collect, use and share information.

Meta accounts
I. What information do we collect for Meta accounts?

Children's Privacy Highlights

In addition to the information detailed in the Meta Privacy Policy under "What information do we collect?", we collect the following information when you create a Meta account:

Name
Contact information
Password
Date of birth

II. How do we use your information for Meta accounts?

Children's Privacy Highlights

When you use your Meta account to access MPT Products, we process your information as described in the Meta Privacy Policy under "How do we use your information?" and as described below for each MPT Product.

If you choose to add your Meta account to the same Accounts Centre as your other Meta Product accounts, please see here for details on how we use and share your information across accounts.

III. How do we share information for Meta accounts?

When you use your Meta account to access MPT Products, we share information we collect as described in the Meta Privacy Policy under "How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?", "How do we share information with Partners, vendors, service providers and third parties?" and "How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?". We also use and share your information as described below with respect to each MPT Product.

If your Meta account is managed by an organisation (i.e. a "Managed Meta Account"), we share with that organisation certain information about your account, to promote safety, integrity and security; to comply with applicable laws and regulations; and in accordance with Meta's terms and policies, including the applicable Acceptable Use Policy. This may include information such as the status of your account, the approximate location of your managed headset, and information about applications you install and how you use them.

Meta VR Products
I. What information do we collect for Meta VR Products?

Children's Privacy Highlights

In addition to the information described in the Meta Privacy Policy under "What information do we collect?", we collect the following categories of information depending on your use of Meta VR Products:

Meta Horizon profile: If your use of a Meta VR Product requires you to create a Meta Horizon Profile, then we collect information related to your profile, including your:

Profile name
Profile picture
Username
Avatar
List of followers
Interactions with games and apps

We also collect information regarding when you are online and when you interact with a virtual reality app.

Physical characteristics and movements: We collect information about or related to:

The position and orientation of your headset and controllers to determine body pose and make your avatar's movements more realistic.

The position of your headset, the speed of your controller movement and changes in your orientation (such as when you duck while playing a game) to deliver an immersive and realistic virtual experience.

Your audio data, when your microphone preferences are enabled, to animate your avatar's lip and face movement.

Hand and body tracking: If you choose to enable the hand and body tracking feature in Meta VR Products, we process abstracted hand and body data to allow you to switch between hands and controllers to interact with your surroundings and have a more seamless or immersive experience. Hand and body tracking also helps make your avatar's movements look more realistic. Raw image data of your hands and body is processed on your device.

We also collect and retain certain data about your interactions with hand and body tracking (such as tracking quality and the amount of time it takes to detect your hands and body), to provide the feature and ensure that it works properly. Learn more in our Hand and Body Privacy Notice.

Eye tracking: If you choose to enable eye tracking in Meta Quest Pro, we process your abstracted gaze data to improve your image quality, help you interact with virtual content in an app and to animate your avatar's eye and facial movements. Raw image data of your eyes is processed on your device.

We also collect and retain certain data about your interactions with eye tracking (such as tracking quality and the amount of time it takes to detect your eyes) to provide the feature and ensure that it works properly. Learn more in our Eye Tracking Privacy Notice.

Natural facial expressions: If you choose to enable natural facial expressions in Meta Quest Pro, we process your abstracted facial expressions data to make your avatar's expressions look more natural. Raw image data of your face is processed on your device.

We also collect and retain certain data about your interactions with natural facial expressions (such as how much time it takes to detect expressions) to provide the feature and ensure that it works properly. Learn more in our Natural Facial Expressions Privacy Notice.

Fit adjustment: If you choose to enable fit adjustment in Meta Quest Pro, we process abstracted fit adjustment data to check whether your headset is aligned optimally and provide headset adjustment tips. Raw image data of your eyes and lower face are stored on your device.

We also collect and retain certain data about your interactions with fit adjustment (such as whether a user completed the setup process or how long the setup process took) to provide the feature and ensure that it works properly. Learn more in our Fit Adjustment Privacy Notice.

Meta VR Product activity: We collect information about your Meta VR Product activity, such as your activity in virtual reality (including your use of Meta Quest devices and apps), including:

Payment credentials that you provide to us
The virtual reality events that you attend
The purchases that you make
Apps you download
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Meta VR Products. For example, we collect information about your Meta Quest browser usage, such as interactions with recommended WebVR experiences, which browser features you use and other statistics.

Content: We collect content that you create on our Meta VR Products, such as a picture that you post or an object that you build. We also collect information about this content, such as the date and time that you created it.

Fitness information: When you enable fitness-related experiences on Meta VR Products such as Meta Quest Move, we process information related to your fitness activities, such as:

The number of calories you've burnt
How long you've been physically active for
Your fitness goals and achievements

This allows you to track your fitness progress and improve those features. You can also choose to provide additional information in Meta Quest Move, such as height, weight and gender, so we can better estimate your fitness achievements. Learn more.

Gameplay and statistics: We collect information about your gameplay activity and statistics, such as:

How successfully you play a game
Actions in the game
Associated metadata created when you use Meta VR Products

Environmental information and dimensions: We collect information about your physical environment and its dimensions when you use a Meta VR Product. For example, we may collect information about the size of walls, surfaces and objects in your room and the distances between them and your headset to offer experiences that blend your virtual and real-world environments. Learn more.

Camera and audio information: When cameras and microphones are on in Meta VR Products, we collect:

Camera information, including photo and video. For example, the sensors on Meta Quest process raw images of your surroundings and enable the headset to both process your movement and help orient you in your designated virtual reality areas. Raw images of your surroundings are processed on your device.
Video or audio content that you create and information about this content, such as the date and time that you created it.

Additionally, when you use Horizon Worlds, the last few minutes of your and other users' most recent audio, video and other interactions in Horizon Worlds are recorded in case you want to report anything that you've encountered. These recordings may be stored on our servers. We do not review these recordings unless you submit a report. If you don't submit a report, the recordings are deleted on a rolling basis. These recordings enable you to report abuse, combat harmful conduct, and protect and support our community. Other users in close proximity to you in Horizon Worlds may submit recordings of the same event. If you submit a report, we'll use the attached recordings to investigate and fully resolve the report, and to help train our systems to better combat harmful behaviour, after which time, the recordings will be deleted. In some cases, we may need to retain the recordings for longer, where it is necessary in order to comply with applicable law.

Voice interactions: Voice interactions are the commands and dictations that you say, including if you mistakenly invoke our voice services, as well as any background sound that happens when you use those services. When you use our voice services, we process:

Audio recordings
Transcripts
Related data about your voice interactions, such as the hardware version of your device and the length of the audio related to your interaction

We process this information to respond to your request, provide the requested service to you and, depending on your settings, improve our voice services. Learn more in our Voice Commands and Voice Dictation Privacy Notice.

Please note that third-party services may offer their own app voice experiences. When you use those services, information collected by these third-party services is subject to their own terms and privacy policies, not this policy. You can learn more about how we collect and use information from other features that you interact with on Meta Quest in our Privacy FAQ.

Device information: We collect technical system information about the devices that you use and information about how you use Meta VR Products, including:

Performance and device attributes
System logs and settings
Success or failure of specific functions
Third-party service usage
Crash reports

When a Meta VR Product experiences a crash, a log about the crash is sent to Meta. This log includes, among other things, the date and time of the crash, your user ID, device ID, IP address and small fragments of information from any camera and microphone in use at the time of the crash. These crash logs are only retained and used to diagnose and fix problems with Meta VR Products or other apps and services used on Meta VR Products.

You may choose to share additional data with Meta about how you use your device to help us personalise your experiences and improve Meta VR Products. Learn more.

Information from partners and third parties: When a third-party service is used on Meta VR Products, we collect information about the use of the service, including:

How often and for how long it is used
Crash log information when it crashes
An authorisation token if it requires a login

We also receive information about you from partners and third parties, including:

Third-party apps
Developers
Other online content providers
Marketing partners

For example, in Meta Quest, we receive information from developers about your achievements in their app and about what features you can use in their app. To learn about how a third-party service processes or shares your information, please refer to their terms and privacy policies.

II. How do we use your information for Meta VR Products?

Children's Privacy Highlights




We use the information that we collect when you use Meta VR Products for the purposes described in the Meta Privacy Policy under "How do we use your information", including (i) to provide measurement, analytics and other promotional services (including ads and commercial content); (ii) to promote safety, security and integrity; (iii) to communicate with you; and (iv) to research and innovate for social good.

We also use the information that we collect when you use Meta VR Products in the following ways:

To power social features and personalise and promote content: We use your profile name, picture and information about your Meta VR Product activity (including your use of Meta Quest devices and apps):

To send personalised commercial content
To provide personalised content suggestions
To display ads, offers and sponsored content in Meta VR Products.

For example, depending on your privacy settings, we use information about your use of Meta Quest devices and apps to help you connect with your followers, or to encourage your followers to join you in using Meta VR Products:

To recommend products, content and experiences to others
To help tailor a user's experience by helping them understand which communities or content may be most relevant to them.

Depending on your privacy settings, we also use information from Meta VR Products to provide user-to-user communications and other social services across the Meta Products. This includes identifying and connecting you with your followers or people you recently interacted with in an experience, through Meta VR Products. If your Meta account is a Managed Meta Account, those privacy settings may be set or changed by your organisation.

To provide and improve our Meta VR Products: We use information that we collect, including device performance and reliability data, to help improve and develop Meta VR Products. By analysing device performance and reliability, we can improve the hardware and software that powers your experiences with Meta VR Products. We also use your device performance and reliability information to offer and improve aspects of our services, such as voice services, hand tracking, eye tracking, natural facial expressions, fit adjustment and fitness-related experiences.

If you use our voice services on your Meta VR Product, depending on your settings, we analyse and review your voice interactions using human review and machine processes to improve, troubleshoot and train our speech recognition systems.
When you use the hand and body tracking feature in Meta Quest devices, we collect technical information, such as tracking quality, the amount of time it takes to detect your hands and body, and the number of gestures you make to improve and troubleshoot this feature.
When you use the eye tracking feature in Meta Quest Pro, we collect certain data about your interactions with the feature, such as tracking quality and the amount of time that it takes to detect your eyes.
When you use the natural facial expressions feature in Meta Quest Pro, we collect certain data about your interactions with the feature, such as how the headset fit affects the quality of detected facial movements and how much time it takes to detect expressions.
When you use the fit adjustment feature in Meta Quest Pro, we collect and retain certain data about your interactions with the feature, such as whether the setup process has been completed or, how long the setup process took.

III. How is your information shared with others for Meta VR Products?

Children's Privacy Highlights

In addition to the sharing of information described in the Meta Privacy Policy, we share the information that we collect when you use Meta VR Products in the following ways:

Information that you make public
Your Horizon Profile information will be public and visible to people on and off the Meta VR Products. This includes your profile name, username, picture and avatar.

For example, if you enter a public virtual space in Meta Quest, others can see your avatar just as they would see you in a real-world public space. This means that your avatar may appear in pictures, recordings or live streams that users around you take and share. Information that you post to public areas on the Meta VR Products, such as a forum, blog or other community tool, will also be visible to people on and off of Meta VR Products, along with certain information associated with your public posts, such as the time of your post.

Third-Party services and applications
You can interact with applications and third-party services, including content, games, apps and other experiences, through many Meta VR Products. If you use services from a third party, we share information about you with the third-party service so that it can provide you with the service that you've requested.

For example, we share your Horizon Profile information with apps that you use so you can appear as your Horizon Profile in those apps:

Avatar
Username
Profile name and picture
List of people that you follow and those who follow you so that you can interact with them in those apps
Your interactions with the app or third-party service such as how long you've interacted with their content
Any other information that you choose to share with the app or third-party service

If you use third-party services on Meta VR Products, the third-party services may collect information from you directly through the experiences that they provide.

However, you can also choose to affirmatively share information with third-party services from Meta VR Products, for example:

You can choose to share your Meta Quest fitness and activity information with third parties to sync that information with third-party fitness services. Please note that information that you share with these or other third-party services will be subject to their own terms and privacy policies, not this policy.
If you enable eye tracking or natural facial expressions in Meta Quest Pro, apps can access your abstracted gaze data or abstracted facial expressions data. Please note that information you share with these (or other) third-party services will be subject to their own terms and policies, not this policy.

Information that you provide when playing online
When you use online multi-user apps in Meta Quest, your activity and other information that you provide are visible to all within the app, including:

Avatar
In-app profile information
In-app activity

This information can be collected, copied, recorded and live streamed by other users, shared on and off Meta VR Products, and submitted to us to report abuse, combat harmful conduct, and protect and support our community. Learn more. Please consider carefully who you interact with and how you conduct yourself, and make sure that your available privacy settings reflect your preferences.

Third-party access to voice interactions
Depending on your settings, we share recordings, transcripts and related data about your voice interactions with vendors and service providers who assist us in improving, troubleshooting and training our speech recognition systems.

If your Meta account is managed by an organisation (i.e. a "Managed Meta Account"), we also share with that organisation certain information about your account, to promote safety, integrity and security; to comply with applicable laws and regulations; and in accordance with Meta's terms and policies, including the applicable Acceptable Use Policy. This may include information such as the status of your account, the approximate location of your managed headset and information about applications you install and how you use them. Please review your organisation's policies or contact your organisation's administrator to learn more about the information shared with your organisation and the settings and access controls established by your organisation.

IV. What is our legal basis for processing data for Meta VR Products?

We collect, use and share the data that we have in the ways described above:

as necessary to fulfil the Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service and the Meta Terms of Service;
consistent with your consent, which you may revoke at any time;
as necessary to comply with our legal obligations;
to protect your vital interests, or those of others
as necessary in the public interest; and
as necessary for our (or others') legitimate interests, unless those interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require protection of personal data.

Learn more about these legal bases and how they relate to the ways in which we process data.

Meta View
Children's Privacy Highlights

Meta View is a wearable experience that lets you interact with your environment in new and innovative ways. The Meta View companion app (the "App") pairs with smart glasses made and distributed by Luxottica, including any Ray-Ban | Meta smart glasses within the Ray-Ban | Meta collection and the Ray-Ban Stories (collectively, the "Smart Glasses"). Meta software powers the features on the Smart Glasses. This Supplemental Privacy Policy applies to "Meta View", which means, together, the App, the software on the Smart Glasses, and their related services and features.

I. What information do we collect for Meta View?

In addition to the information described in the Meta Privacy Policy under "What information do we collect?", and in this Supplemental Privacy Policy under "What information do we collect for Meta Accounts?", we collect the following categories of information when you use Meta View:

Photo and video information: When you use the Smart Glasses to take a photo or video, the cameras and microphones on the Smart Glasses are activated and the following information is collected:

Photos and video recordings. You can use the Smart Glasses to take photos and video recordings with audio, and this media can be edited in the App. This media is stored on your Smart Glasses, until it's uploaded to your App. After that, we won't access or process your media unless you choose to turn on Meta View's cloud processing on your Smart Glasses or upload them to certain services provided by Meta (i.e. Facebook or Instagram). When available, you can change your choices about cloud processing of your media at any time in Settings.

If you choose to live stream on your Ray-Ban | Meta Smart Glasses, video and audio content from your live-stream will be processed through the Meta Company Product you live stream from (i.e. Facebook or Instagram). The video and audio content from your live stream will not be stored on your Ray-Ban | Meta Smart Glasses after you've finished a live streaming session or in the App. Your use of a Meta Company Product to live stream will be subject to the terms and policies of that Meta Company Product.

Metadata. We collect metadata, such as the date and time you created content, whether it's a photo or a video recording, and technical information about your camera or other Smart Glasses sensors related to content.

Location-related information: When you choose to share your mobile device's location with Meta View by turning on the Location services device setting, we collect location-related information that you allow us to receive. This includes things such as the location where you used your Ray-Ban | Meta Smart Glasses to take photos and video recordings for the geotagging feature. Location-related information includes your general location or precise location that you choose and control through your mobile device settings. You can change your preferences about collecting location-related information at any time in your mobile device settings.

Device information: We collect and use "Essential Data" about your Smart Glasses and the App when you use Meta View. And if you choose, "Additional Data" will also be processed. Essential and Additional Data are associated with other information, such as your User ID, Device ID, and information about your device model and operating system.

Essential Data is information needed to help make the Smart Glasses and the App work properly and to maintain safety, security and integrity. For example, we collect information to see whether they're working correctly, such as when you're pairing the Smart Glasses with the App. We also collect information to make sure that it's you, such as when you sign in to the App with your Meta account or perform certain actions on the Smart Glasses and App. In addition, similar to other devices or apps, when Meta View crashes or malfunctions, a log is sent to Meta that includes information from the time of the crash event, such as the date and time of the crash and what features of the App you used immediately before the crash event. These crash logs are only retained and used to diagnose and fix problems with Meta View or other apps and services used on Meta View. Essential Data is automatically shared with Meta.

Additional Data is information we collect when you use Smart Glasses and Meta View to help improve your user experience and develop Meta Products. Additional Data includes information such as analytics about feature usage to help us develop new features and products to provide a better user experience. Meta will use Additional Data for these purposes if you choose to share Additional Data with Meta during your initial setup, and you can change your choice at any time in Settings. Learn more about how you can control information that you share with Meta.

Third-party services: When a third-party service is used on the Smart Glasses, such as a music player, depending on how the service works, we may collect information about how you use it. This includes how often and for how long you use it, crash log information if it crashes and an authorisation token if it requires a login. Third-party services may share information with us when their service is used on the Smart Glasses. To learn about how third-party services process your information, please refer to their terms and privacy policies.

II. How do we use your information for Meta View?

In addition to the purposes described in the Meta Privacy Policy under "How do we use your information?", including (i) to provide measurement, analytics and other promotional services (including ads and commercial content); (ii) to promote safety, security and integrity; (iii) to communicate with you; and (iv) to research and innovate for social good, we use information we collect in the following ways:

Provide our services: We use your information in accordance with the Meta Privacy Policy. This includes providing our services and the features of the Smart Glasses to help make the Smart Glasses and the App work properly and to maintain safety, security and integrity. For example, we collect information to see whether Meta View is working correctly, such as whether the Smart Glasses and App are pairing properly. We also collect information to make sure that it's you, such as when you sign in to the App with your Meta account or perform certain actions on the Smart Glasses and App, such as send a message or start a call. When available, if you choose to turn on cloud processing on your Smart Glasses, your photos and videos will be sent from the App to Meta servers to support additional photo and video features.

Improve Meta Products: We use Additional Data (subject to the choice you make) to improve and develop Meta Products, including tailoring your experience with Meta View. For example, we use this information to create new products and features. Additional Data is used by Meta for these purposes only if you choose to opt in. You can choose to opt in for us to use data for product improvement purposes during your initial setup, and you can change your choice at any time in Settings. Learn more about how you can control information that you share with Meta.

You can choose to communicate and share content on Meta View using other Meta Company Products. If you choose to do so, information relating to your use of the Meta Company Product will be subject to the terms and policies of that Meta Company Product.

III. How is your information shared with others for Meta View?

We share information we collect when you use Meta View as described in the Meta Privacy Policy under "How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?" and "How do we share information with Partners, vendors, service providers and third parties?" and as described in the following sections of this Supplemental Privacy Policy. We may also access, preserve, use and share your information as described in the Meta Privacy Policy under "How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?".

We also exchange certain information with Luxottica Group S.p.A. ("Luxottica"), the manufacturer and distributor of the Smart Glasses. We exchange information with Luxottica to fulfil our contractual obligations to Luxottica and to manage your customer service requests. For example, Luxottica shares with us your name, email address and information if you contact them about an issue you are experiencing. Then, we share with Luxottica information to help resolve the issue, such as steps to resolve a problem with your Meta account. We also share with Luxottica information about Smart Glasses purchased through their own channels, such as when they are activated, and we exchange aggregated information and insights with Luxottica relating to marketing, usage, sales and post-sale activities. Luxottica does not collect any information directly from your use of the Smart Glasses and/or the App such as your photos and/or videos. Any information you provide to Luxottica in connection with your purchase of the Smart Glasses is subject to Luxottica's terms and policies.

IV. How do we process information when you use our voice services for Meta View?

This Section applies when our voice services, such as voice assistant, are available on Meta View and you enable them.

When you use our voice services, we process information about your voice interactions to respond to your requests. Voice interactions are things that you say when using our voice services, including when voice services are invoked by mistake, as well as any background sound that can be heard once voice services have been enabled. The information we process includes audio recordings and transcripts of your voice interactions, as well as data related to your voice interactions, such as the hardware version of your Smart Glasses and how long your interaction took.

Depending on your preferences in settings, we may also store and process information about your voice interactions to improve our voice services. For example, this information can help our voice services to better understand and respond more accurately to a wide range of speech patterns and phrases over time. You can manage voice storage to improve our voice services in your settings. When voice storage and processing for product improvement is turned on, we use machine learning and trained reviewers to process information about your voice interactions to improve, troubleshoot and train our voice services. We share that information with third-party vendors and service providers to improve our products. You can access and delete stored voice information in your settings.

You can learn more about our voice services, including further details about what information we collect when you use our voice services and your choices over how we process that information, in the Voice Services FAQ.

V. What is our legal basis for processing data for Meta View?

We collect, use and share your data in the ways described above in accordance with the Meta Privacy Policy under "What is our legal basis for processing data?".

You can find out about the legal bases that we rely upon and how they relate to the ways in which we process your information here. In addition, note that when it comes to Meta View:
We will process your data as necessary to fulfil the Supplemental Meta Platform Technologies Terms of Service and the Meta Terms of Service;

We specifically rely on our legitimate interests to:
collect and use Additional Data about how you use Meta View, in accordance with your choice. It is in our legitimate interest to use Additional Data in this manner to improve to improve and personalise your experience with Meta Products;
process your audio recordings, transcripts and related data about your voice interactions to improve our voice services, in accordance with your choice. It is in our legitimate interest to use this information in this manner to improve our voice services;
and to share information with Luxottica, and process information received from Luxottica, in order to resolve customer service requests, based on your requests. It is in our legitimate interest to share information in this manner to resolve customer requests.

Cookies and similar technologies
Children's Privacy Highlights

We receive information collected on MPT Products, including cookies, pixels, local storage and similar technologies. Learn more about how we use these technologies on our websites and mobile apps in Meta's Privacy Policy, Meta's Cookie Policy and our Privacy FAQ.

How can you exercise your rights provided under applicable data protection law?
Children's Privacy Highlights

Under applicable data protection law, you may have the right to access, rectify, port and erase your information, and object to or restrict certain processing of your information that we collect through MPT Products. You may also have the right to withhold or withdraw consent. As a parent or guardian of your child's Meta account, you can exercise these rights as well. If you wish to enquire about or exercise any of these rights, as applicable, please visit the Privacy Centre.

How to contact Meta
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms, Inc. which you can contact online or by post at:

Meta Platforms, Inc.
ATTN: Privacy Operations
1601 Willow Road
Menlo Park, CA 94025, US

You may also contact the data protection officer for Meta Platforms, Inc. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office.

KEEP YOUR EXPERIENCE UP TO DATE
Get news and updates from Meta
By signing up, you agree to receive updates and marketing messages (e.g. email, social) from Meta about Meta's existing and future products and services.
You may withdraw your consent and unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link included in our messages.
Your subscription is subject to the Terms and Privacy Policy.
Meta
FacebookTwitterInstagramYouTube
Site terms and policies
Community Standards
Privacy Policy
Terms
Cookie policy
Virtual reality
Shop Meta Quest
Refurbished Meta Quest 2
VR for Good
Forums
Referrals
Blog
Creators
Download SDKs
Developers
Made for Meta partner programme
Safety information for parents and pre-teens
Meta Quest health and safety information
Meta Quest safety centre
Meta for Work
Meta avatars
Smart glasses
Shop Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses
Ray-Ban Stories
Privacy information
Supported countries
Support and legal
Shop Help Centre
Order status
Returns
Find a product demo
Legal
Terms of sale
Our actions
Data and privacy
Safety and expression
Responsible business practices
Elections
COVID-19 response
Regulations
About us
About Meta
Media gallery
Brand resources
For investors
Our community
Support SMB
Giving together
Social impact
App support
Facebook Help Centre
Messenger Help Centre
Instagram Help Centre
WhatsApp Help Centre
Workplace Help Centre
Meta Verified
United Kingdom (English)
META QUEST

Meta Quest: *Parents:* Important guidance and safety warnings for children's use here. Meta accounts for ages 10+ on Meta Quest 2 and 3; all other Meta Quest headsets for ages 13+. Certain apps, games and experiences may be suitable for a more mature audience. Meta quest features, functionality and content notice: Features, functionality and content are subject to change or withdrawal at any time, may not be available in all areas or languages or may be restricted; may require enabled software or service activation, and additional terms, conditions and/or charges may apply.

Certain apps and experiences will be available by winter 2023.

META QUEST IMPORTANT SAFETY NOTICE https://www.meta.com/quest/quest-2-facial-interface-recall/.

Financing options. You may be offered financing options for your Meta purchases. Learn more here.

Pay in 3 is a form of credit, so carefully consider whether the purchase is affordable and how you will make the repayments. Be aware of the possible impact of using Pay in 3 and of missing payments, including making other borrowing more difficult or more expensive. Pay in 3 eligibility is subject to status and approval. 18+ UK residents only. See product terms for more details.

*Based on the graphic performance of the Qualcomm Snapdragon XR2 Gen 2 vs XR2 Gen 1 on Meta Quest 2

RAY-BAN | META SMART GLASSES

Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses require a mobile phone with Android (location services enabled) or iOS operating system, wireless Internet access and account registration. Not compatible with all smartphones. Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses are only available in selected countries. Features, functionality and content are subject to change or withdrawal at any time. Please visit https://www.meta.com/smart-glasses/#faq for the most up-to-date information. For ages 13 and up only. This product may interfere with personal medical devices. Requires updates to be installed from time to time, including prior to first use. While using Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses, it is always the user's responsibility to comply with any local laws and regulations, especially those relating to privacy and the use of recording devices. Additional account registration, terms and fees may apply.

‡EXTENDED FESTIVE SEASON RETURNS

Extended festive season return period: Products ordered between 1 November 2023 and 1 January 2024 on meta.com are eligible to be returned by 31 January 2024. Return requests must be completed by end of day on 31 January 2024 (local time) to be eligible. Excludes gift card purchases. Standard return terms otherwise apply, see our Terms of Sale for more information.

©2023 Meta.
